---
title: 却要制伏它
layout: post
permalink: /post/20071109/
categories: 
---

【来11:6】6人非有信，就不能得　神的喜悦；因为到　神11面前来的人必须信有　神，且信他赏赐那12寻求他的人。  
【niv】And without faith it is impossible to please God, because anyone  
who comes to him must believe that he exists and that he rewards those  
who earnestly seek him. 
【约壹2:16】16因为凡世界上的事，就象30肉体的情欲，31眼目的情欲，并今生的骄傲，都不是从父来的，乃是从世界来的。  
【niv】For everything in the world–the cravings of sinful man, the lust  
of his eyes and the boasting of what he has and does–comes not from  
the Father but from the world 
【约壹3:21】21亲爱的弟兄啊，我们的37心若不责备我们，就可以38向　神坦然无39惧了。  
【niv】Dear friends, if our hearts do not condemn us, we have confidence  
before God 
他们应许人得以自由，自己却作败坏的奴仆；因为人被谁制伏就是谁的奴仆。 
  
我要战胜自己的恐惧和私欲，战胜这一时刻，脱离这一年来的束缚，因为所受的压制，不过是今生的骄傲。 
【出21:27】27若打掉了他奴仆或是婢女的一个牙，就要因他的牙放他去得以自由。  
【niv】And if he knocks out the tooth of a manservant or maidservant, he  
must let the servant go free to compensate for the tooth 
【创4:7】7你若5行得好，岂不蒙悦纳?你若行得不好，罪就伏在门前；它必6恋慕你，你却要制伏它。”  
【niv】If you do what is right, will you not be accepted? But if you do  
not do what is right, sin is crouching at your door; it desires to  
have you, but you must master it.’ 
【约8:32】32你们必晓得53真理，真理必叫你们得以54自由。”  
【niv】Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free. 
【加5:1】1基督1释放了我们，叫我们得以自2由，所以要3站立得稳，不要再被奴4仆的5轭挟制。  
【niv】It is for freedom that Christ has set us free. Stand firm, then,  
and do not let yourselves be burdened again by a yoke of slavery. 
【彼后2:19】19他们应许人得以自40由，自己却作败坏的奴41仆；因为人被谁制伏就是谁的奴仆。  
【niv】They promise them freedom, while they themselves are slaves of  
depravity–for a man is a slave to whatever has mastered him 
【路4:18】18″主的29灵在我身上，因为他用膏膏我，叫我传福音给贫30穷的人；差遣我报告:被掳的得31释放，32瞎眼的得看见，叫那受33压制的得自由，  
【niv】’The Spirit of the Lord is on me, because he has anointed me to  
preach good news to the poor. He has sent me to proclaim freedom for  
the prisoners and recovery of sight for the blind, to release the  
oppressed 
【罗8:37】37然而靠着爱我们的主，在这一切的事上已经得69胜有余了。  
【niv】No, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him  
who loved us
